Update README (#3)
Azure-Samples/AzureSqlGettingStartedSamples: csharp/Readme.md

description: "Azure SQL - Getting Started Samples"
---

# Developing applications with C# and Azure SQL

> This repository will guide you through the creation of a simple solution using [C#](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/) to take advantage of Azure SQL. Azure SQL as many features for developers and learning how to take advantage of it will help you to create secure, scalable and performant modern applications. To learn more about several of the features that Azure SQL provides to developers, read here: [10 reasons to use Azure SQL in your next project](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/azure-sql/10-reasons-to-use-azure-sql-in-your-next-project/).

Reviewer: Do not link to specific locales (MS Docs guideline):

```suggestion
This repository will guide you through the creation of a simple solution using [C#](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/csharp/) to take advantage of Azure SQL. Azure SQL has many features for developers and learning how to take advantage of it will help you to create secure, scalable and performant modern applications. To learn more about the features that Azure SQL provides to developers, read: [10 reasons to use Azure SQL in your next project](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/azure-sql/10-reasons-to-use-azure-sql-in-your-next-project/).

```

> No matter which is the platform or the OS you are using, you can happily use Azure SQL. As you can see is available to be used with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No matter which the platform or OS you are using, you can use Azure SQL:

```

- Windows
- Red Hat Enterprise Linux
- Ubuntu
- SLES
- Mac

# Documentation

Preferred method of authenticating to SQL using the DefaultAzureCredential

> - [Authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/connect/ado-net/sql/azure-active-directory-authentication?view=sql-server-ver15#using-active-directory-default-authentication)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/sql/connect/ado-net/sql/azure-active-directory-authentication?view=sql-server-ver15#using-active-directory-default-authentication)

```

> Once you'll be more expert on Azure SQL and C#, you can also take advtange of [several samples](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/samples/browse/?expanded=dotnet&products=azure-sql-database&languages=csharp) that will help you to create Full-Stack solutions or Back-End API, that can be used in project of any size and scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you'll be more expert on Azure SQL and C#, you can also take advantage of [several samples](https://docs.microsoft.com/samples/browse/?expanded=dotnet&products=azure-sql-database&languages=csharp) that will help you to create Full-Stack solutions or Back-End API, that can be used in project of any size and scale.

```

# Prerequisites

All of the above examples require an Azure SQL DB Please follow these instructions to create one.

> Go to this [**site**](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/sql-database/sql-database-single-database-get-started?tabs=azure-portal) for instructions on how to set up an Azure Hosted SQL Database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to this [**site**](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/sql-database/sql-database-single-database-get-started?tabs=azure-portal) for instructions on how to set up an Azure Hosted SQL Database.

```
